Replace life cycle with lifecycle for consistency (#2633)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_introduction-to-application-lifecycle.adoc

[id="introduction_to_application_lifecycle_{context}"]
= Introduction to Application Lifecycle

> The _application life cycle_ is a concept central to {Project}'s content management functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _application lifecycle_ is a concept central to {Project}'s content management functions.
```

> [id="introduction_to_application_life_cycle_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="introduction_to_application_lifecycle_{context}"]
```
